This folder, attic, contains code fragments. 

Like most attics, this attic needs a good cleaning.

Some fragments are from the usual places on the web, cplusplus.com, stackoverflow, etc.

Some fragments are DIY code written in class.

Some fragments are as-is as found on the web while others are heavily modified to make work or add functionality.


Some fragments are useful, some are not.

Most fragments work, some don't.

Notable Useful Fragments
========================

fastforward.cpp  - a summary of OOP345.

funcptr.cpp - examples of the many ways of passing function names to other functions:
              direct call, c-style function pointer, c++-style function pointer, function object (functor), lambda, bind
              examples of interesting functions to pass function to: thread, async, packaged_task

sp?.cpp     - smart pointer resources

mi-*.cpp    - multiple inheritance resources, clone+diamond problem

template-simple.cpp - simple example of class and tfuntion templet

theading?01?.cpp - threading101?.cpp - basic threading, mutexes
                 - threading201?.cpp - futures and promises
                 - threading301?.cpp - async, packaged_task
                 - threading401?.cpp - how things were done before async + packaged task

thread-*.cpp     - cool thread code, such as thread pools

ll*.cpp          - linked list code

cirq.cpp         - circular linked list or q

moveSimple.cpp   - move semantics

stl-calc-*.cpp   - postfix calculator using stl stack, list, vector, deque containers

vectorchar*.cpp  - how to make a string class based on std::vector<char>

dp-composite*.cpp  - composite (tree) design pattern code

alarmsetjmp.cpp + setjmp*.cpp - use alarm and setjmp to do interesting things

swap.cpp          - swapping data in place (without using a temporary) using xor and add operators.

asmlist.cpp       - how to generate an in-line assembler listing of the code generated by the compiler

popen.cpp         - how to start up a pipe to a program and read the output from the program

ocl_c++11.cpp     - how to run a minimal OpenCL program on a GPU using C++11 features

folder threading-concurrency_in_action
                  - pdf and sample code from Concurancy in Action book
